# XEONEX API THE ULIMATE TRADING BOT
### Xeonex is a trading bot that uses machine learning to predict the price of cryptocurrencies and trade them in real time. It is designed to be easy to use and to work with any exchange that supports the API.


## Features

- 📈 **Predictions**: Xeonex uses machine learning to predict the price of cryptocurrencies.
- 🤖 **Trading**: Xeonex can trade cryptocurrencies in real time.
- 📊 **Analytics**: Xeonex provides analytics on the performance of the bot.
- 📉 **Backtesting**: Xeonex can backtest trading strategies to see how they would have performed in the past.

## Installation

To install Xeonex, you will need to have the following software installed on your computer:
- Java 17
- Maven 3.8.3

Then you can clone the repository and build the project:

```bash
mvn clean
mvn verify
cd target
java -jar mental-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

## Usage

To use Xeonex, you will need to create a configuration file with your API keys and other settings. You can find an example configuration file in the `resources/application.properties` file.

## DataBase

In xeonex we use a database to store the data of the users and the transactions. We use a MySQL database and we use the following tables:

- Users: This table stores the data of the users that use the bot.
- Transactions: This table stores the data of the transactions that the bot makes.
- Transactions History: This table stores the data of the transactions that the bot has made in the past.

# How do i connect to the database?

To connect to the database you need to create a new database in MySQL and call it bugsbyte, then you just need to check application.properties and change the username and password to your MySQL username and password.
    
## API Documentation

- [Login](login.md)
- [Coin Info](coinInfo.md)
- [Bot](bot.md)
- [Trade](trade.md)
## Notes
- Some controllers or services, or even domain classes, dont have the best logic or the best code in terms of escability, but thats a consequence of a hackaton, we had 48 hours and many times we have to use "fast code" to make the project work, but we are always looking to improve the code and make it better. We also have some code that is not used, but we are always looking to improve the code and make it better.
- Some documentation is not complete once more by the time we had to make the project work, but we are always looking to improve the code and make it better.
- Some documentation is generated by AI, so it may not be perfect.